(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
I'll report right away.
(Episode 11)
Have we received the lab results yet?
I understand.
(CAGU, Park Hoon Soo, Yeo Jin Wook)
(Prosecutor, Park Hoon Soo)
Ms. Ma.
What... What brings you here?
(Hired driver, Respondent: Ma Yi Deum)
"Accused party... Ma Yi Deum"?
"Forced sexual assault."
"He was too handsome to control myself"?
Why did you do that?
Aren't you having a hard time right now?
Yes, I guess so. Why?
Our bank just came up with a great loan service.
If you have a job with insurance...
and no overdue credits, we can get you...
up to 50,000 dollars in loan all at once...
with an interest of 4.7 percent.
50,000 dollars?
Then can you...
give me a loan without interest?
Okay.
Of course not.
I need money.
Money.
What do I do?
I got it.
(Seungso Law Group)
Here.
Do you see the resignation date?
- Yes. - I just got out.
I'm asking for 300,000 yearly,
and a 20 percent incentive.
The legal fee will be split 8 to 2.
I'm the eight.
There's one more.
Can you give me 50,000 in advance?
Okay?
Hey. Why didn't I make it?
I really can't accept it.
I used to be a prosecutor,
and I had so many wins.
Our law firm's policy is not to accept anyone...
that aroused social criticism.
Seriously.
Where can I get 50,000 dollars?
I'll set you up well. Please come visit.
What?
(Ask for 50 Grand at the door.)
(Seoul Eastern District Prosecutor's Office)
Gosh, I better take a picture.
Oops.
(Seoul Eastern District Prosecutor's Office)
This one looks okay. Okay.
(A new start, a hot lawyer)
Good.
I used to be a prosecutor. It's free consultation.
Hello. Consultations are free.
Hey. If something upsetting happens...
I used to be a prosecutor. It's free consultation.
I used to be a prosecutor.
I was a prosecutor. Consultation is free.
- Please take this. - Hey.
Ms. Ma!
Gosh, you have the wrong person.
Hey.
Ms. Ma, it's really you.
- It's been a while. - Yes.
- Have you been well? - Yes.
What is that?
- I'm three months. - Three months?
That's when I was at CAGU.
What happened? Who's the father?
- Me. - No way!
- Seriously? - Well...
After you and Ms. Min left,
we were so upset that we had drinks.
It only took once.
That's why the baby's nickname is Once.
Once. Say hello.
But it's pretty big for three months.
This is my normal stomach, and this is the baby.
I see.
Congratulations. It's great news.
Is everyone doing well?
Of course.
Don't take this case emotionally.
Be cool-headed and give your best.
Doesn't that line sound familiar?
You must think you're talented.
No way.
You're cheating your way out because you're not!
Let me ask you one thing.
Why did you join CAGU?
I really love CAGU!
Ms. Jang...
sounds like she's possessed by Ms. Min.
Do you know Prosecutor Yoon Jae Ryong?
He came back after a three-month training.
- Why did you do this? - This?
Also, look over here.
Why did you do this?
I'll tell you that later. One moment.
Hey, I'm asking you.
Ms. Seo is the same.
Mr. Yeo...
Ms. Ma, can you take this?
Park Hoon Soo. I'm Mr. Park.
Call me Mr. Park. Don't call me that.
I'm sorry.
Mr. Park took your desk.
I think we need to get chummy.
How about a sauna? That would be nice.
Then we can get hangover soup after.
I don't drink, so I don't need hangover soup.
It's not just for hangovers.
What about you?
- Pardon? - How have you been?
Your phone number changed.
Mr. Yeo was really curious about you.
I'm doing super well.
I wasn't planning to show you this.
You must have been hired to a nice law firm.
Not yet. I have so many places calling.
- I'm still picking. - That's great.
Seriously.
- Hey! - Seriously.
- How can anyone... - I'll do it.
You should apologize. What did you do?
What is this?
I'll get going. Gosh.
The car.
Send me a wedding to your invitation!
What's a wedding to your invitation?
Oh, send the invitation to the wedding?
Hey.
I drank nine beers, but I still feel embarrassed.
Why did you have to fall over?
No, Ma Yi Deum.
Control your mind.
What's so embarrassing about looking for work?
There's no time for you to feel this way.
I need to wake up at a time like this.
Gosh. I better go home.
Did you call for a driver?
Yes.
Did they hire you for your looks?
Gosh. Sure.
Would you like?
That's how you molested him?
No. No, no!
You stroked his thigh multiple times...
and breathed into his ear. You also hugged him.
- It says so here. - Me?
His thigh? Why?
Why?
I... Well...
It says here that you told him you couldn't...
control yourself. Don't you remember?
If I did, would I be here?
I would have sued him for false accusation.
Anyway, I didn't do it. Get me an NPA.
I wish I could, but...
I have no evidence to back you up.
There is no dash cam either.
Gosh.
Let's do a cross-examination.
Well...
Everyone has different tastes.
And then what happened?
Keep going.
Okay.
This woman...
suddenly attacked me.
Then she pushed something.
The driver's seat went...
zoom. It went down.
Then I was on my back pretty much.
Then suddenly, she...
She looked at me with weird eyes.
Then she...
She sent me strange signals.
Hey.
- Excuse me. - Yes?
What did the seat do?
Zoom.
See?
Where does it go zoom?
It's going down really slow.
Why did you lie?
Zoom?
Why doesn't it make that sound?
- Get out. - Get out!
He confessed he was caught...
while trying to steal from you, so he lied.
We looked up his record,
and he stole from drunk customers before.
I'll get you an NPA.
You better.
Ms. Ma.
How...
have you been doing?
I was worried about you.
I've been doing well.
You don't have to worry.
We'll meet again.
- Pardon? - I haven't changed.
I'm preparing for Kong Soo Ah's appeal,
and I also intend on helping...
your mother's case no matter what.
As a prosecutor.
What about your mother?
I haven't changed either.
I'll take care of my own business.
Let me give you an advice.
Don't get involved in what you can't handle.
You'll blame me later.
(Electricity: 17 dollars, Balance: 866 dollars)
Great timing.
Do you know any good lawyers?
I don't care how much it will cost.
This is an emergency.
Stop denying it.
Give me your dash cam then.
Hey, I don't have one.
My car is just a piece of can.
Then I'll have to forward this to prosecution.
I told you it's not like that!
Then you should make a deal.
You're driving me crazy.
This is crazy.
Okay.
Someone who used to be a prosecutor...
with expertise in sexual assault.
Yes.
Okay.
(Ex-prosecutor, Ma Yi Deum)
(Witch's Court)
Can you turn your body like this?
This one is okay, but the pose is bad.
I think we can do better.
Should we try again?
I think it's good enough.
Really?
- Have it. - Okay.
- Should we do cheers? - Cheers.
Did you report a sexual assault?
It's a quasi-rape case...
that was reported to the police.
The accused is Lee Sang Hyun.
He's 33 years old.
He's a patissier of a famous dessert cafe...
that was on television called 679.
I've been there.
The wait time is really long there.
The victim is Yang Yoo Jin.
She's 30 years old.
She's a photographer of a cooking magazine.
Looking at the case report,
it could have been an agreed intercourse.
The victim suggested they go drinking,
and she walked to his place.
Exactly.
Then why did the police think that...
it was a quasi-rape?
(Police record file)
I was just raped.
I'm at...
Because she called the police?
Yes.
Five minutes after she called,
it looks like the police called her back.
What was this about?
While she was reporting with Lee's phone,
the phone turned off. Maybe it was a mistake.
Hello?
Did you report a sexual assault?
Pardon?
No, I'm sorry.
It was a prank call.
Okay.
At first, they thought it was a prank call.
But they found Yang in front of his place.
She was in bad shape,
and she claimed she was raped.
That's why they investigated his house.
Then they found a condom there.
This case will go nowhere.
Why? It's true she was blacked out.
She wasn't sane.
Because of a black out,
some people got an acquittal.
The victim...
may not remember agreeing to the intercourse,
so the accused will be found not guilty.
What about the report she made?
While she was drunk, she knew it was rape.
She was aware.
Some get acquittal because the victim reported.
If they were sane enough to make a report,
it means they were sane.
It doesn't count as a quasi-rape.
Hence, innocent.
No way.
Go home if you're going to be like this.
Does Article 229 of the criminal law...
look like a joke to you?
Because they're always found innocent,
do you think this is a drunken report?
Blacking out means he's innocent.
Even if she reports it, he's innocent.
Then there should never be...
anyone accused of quasi-rape.
The main agent is still the accused.
We need to discuss how the accused...
and the victim agreed...
to have the intercourse first.
You're admirable. You're the team's ace.
- I'm amazed. - Me?
Ms. Jang, we should leave this case to Yeo.
He has his head in the right spot.
A big case like this should be given...
to the juniors so they can grow.
Let's grow even more.
Excuse me.
We could meet at your office too.
I thought you should talk somewhere familiar.
I was being considerate.
Is there a problem?
No... It's okay.
Let's go.
Before we start,
let's set this right first.
You should never lie to me.
Until the trial, we don't know...
what evidence prosecution will bring.
I can only fight from your testimony.
If it turns out to be a lie,
it'd be over.
Also,
I hate getting backstabbed.
The moment I find out you're lying,
the contract is over.
Do you understand?
Yes, I understand.
It happened while you were drunk,
and the accused claims it was mutual.
Your statement is very important.
Please give us an honest and detailed response.
Naturally.
You have no idea how small the magazine industry is.
Who'd want a photographer who gets involved...
in scandals with an interviewee?
I knew that the moment I reported him...
for sexual assault, I'd be accused of pulling...
a honey trap, but I still reported the jerk.
Because I was so angry at what he did to me.
What's your relationship with Yang Yoo Jin?
I got to know her about a year ago...
while working with a magazine on a story.
We got along well...
and had similar interests.
We were interested in each other.
So, you had a fling?
That's right. We never labeled it,
but we were practically dating.
Not at all.
He is not my type at all.
Then why did you see him?
You apparently asked to meet him first.
I like meeting new people.
Given my job,
making and maintaining connections is a given.
That's all it was.
Maintaining connections professionally.
If it were professional,
would she have bought drinks round after round?
Things were going really well that night.
- Think about it. - Are you serious?
Yes.
- I can read palms. - Pardon?
Let me read yours.
I'm just kidding.
What?
What was that?
She wanted to continue drinking at my place.
I had no reason to refuse.
I thought we were interested in each other.
You said she paid at the convenience store...
before going to your place, is that right?
Yes.
I like paying for others.
And to be honest,
women don't always have to let others pay.
You said you don't remember after the bar.
Do you remember paying?
I have a habit of paying when I'm drunk.
I don't remember,
but it's sort of out of instinct.
How much can you drink?
Four bottles of soju?
About 20 soju bombs?
It says on the record that you drank...
two glasses of wine and three cocktails.
That got you drunk?
I guess I wasn't feeling that great that night.
It's strange how I blacked out.
How did you end up reporting him?
When I opened my eyes,
that scumbag was on top of me.
I was shocked and pushed him off,
but he kept forcing himself onto me.
I said I'd report him if he continued,
and he said to go ahead, and handed me the phone
So I really did report him.
Because...
I felt like he'd force himself onto me otherwise.
Show me your security video...
from 11pm on the 23rd...
- to 2am the next day. - Sorry?
I need to check something for a case.
Your cooperation is appreciated.
Do you need it for a sexual assault case?
The prosecutor took a copy yesterday.
Darn it.
But whom are you with?
This is me.
Call me anytime...
you've been wronged and need help.
The security video please.
Why must I do that?
Is there a law that says I must help a lawyer?
A person's life...
lies in your hand, sir.
Please help me, sir.
Please?
If you're tired,
may I help you with something?
It's me, Ma Yi Deum.
I will take your case.
I need a retainer of 1,000 dollars,
and 40,000 dollars if we win. Deal?
Ms. Son. Where did you say they found the condom?
I think it was in the nightstand?
Regardless, they found it hidden somewhere.
It was hidden?
It doesn't say that here.
That can't be.
I heard it...
from the detective investigating the case.
I'm sorry. I'm still new on the job,
so I don't know how to photograph the scene.
Do you remember where you found it?
Come in.
- Excuse us. - Sure. Seriously.
What?
Please step aside.
- Why? - Just a minute.
Why?
Hey.
Hey. What...
What? What? Why?
I understand.
Let's begin questioning Lee Sang Hyun.
Yes, sir.
What are you doing here?
(Power of Attorney)
Don't tell me...
you represent him.
As you can see.
Why are you doing this?
What's wrong with it?
I'm just doing my job.
Look.
I'll have to say it eventually, so here I go.
As long as we're both in law,
we'll keep running into each other.
If you keep being amateurish each time,
it'll be a pain.
You're a prosecutor, and I'm a lawyer.
Let's each do our jobs.
- Ms. Ma. - I assume you understand.
Mr. Yeo. Let's begin the interrogation.
Lee Sang Hyun.
Why did you hide the condom?
Sorry?
You don't need to answer everything.
I refuse to answer that question.
According to the officer who reported to the scene,
a condom was found...
wrapped in a tissue in the nightstand drawer,
and that you couldn't explain.
I assume it was because it was clear evidence...
of sexual assault.
Isn't that a push?
Saying a condom proves quasi-rape?
He wouldn't have hid it if he had nothing to hide.
[VIU Ver] E11 Witch's Court "She Returns"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I think I was too drunk...
and mistook it for the trash can.
You know how when guys get drunk,
we mistake the closet for the bathroom...
and pee into it and stuff.
I don't know.
I've never done that.
I mean it.
If I wanted to hide it,
I would've flushed it down the toilet.
Fine.
Let's take a polygraph.
No. We refuse.
Do you have any further questions?
Let's go.
The condom...
won't be usable as evidence in court.
Drop the charges. Don't waste your time.
We have more evidence.
I will indict him.
I'll see you in court.
Good luck.
Goodbye, Ms. Son.
Goodbye.
(Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office)
My instincts told me that it was rape.
That's why I reported him.
What made you sure it was forced?
You said you were too drunk...
and don't remember.
When I woke up, he was holding me down.
That man over there.
I felt chills going down my spine,
and I felt repulsed.
I remember him raping me...
very clearly.
If that isn't rape, what is?
No more questions.
Would you like to cross-examine the witness?
Yes, Your Honor.
Ms. Yang.
You testified that your relationship...
was purely professional, not romantic, correct?
Yes.
These are text messages you sent him that day.
Do you always send men you have no interest in...
hearts like this?
That's just a habit.
Check my messenger.
I did that to others too.
I see. A habit.
Then what about this?
You remember, don't you?
It is what you were wearing that day.
Your Honor. Her outfit is irrelevant.
It is not. Think about it rationally.
How convincing is it,
that she wasn't trying to seduce him...
by wearing that?
Her outfit is purely a personal preference.
It is presumptuous to say...
she was trying to seduce him...
just because she dressed provocatively.
Counsel, control yourself.
Yes, Your Honor.
How much can you drink?
When I'm feeling well, four bottles of soju.
Two and a half if I'm not feeling well.
How much did you drink on the night in question?
I had 2 glasses of wine and 3 cocktails.
That means you drank less than half your usual.
Yes. That much doesn't even get me buzzed.
It doesn't even get you buzzed.
Then you must be lying that you were unconscious,
or that you don't remember.
Correct?
- What? - You just said...
that much doesn't even get you buzzed.
Does your tolerance change based on the situation?
Your Honor. Counsel is leading the witness.
Your Honor. We must prove whether the witness...
was in fact unconscious, in order to prove...
the defendant's guilt.
You may proceed.
As you can see, the defendant dragged...
the victim who could barely stand.
This proves the defendant...
tried to use her intoxicated state...
to force a sexual relation with her.
I also submit the security video as evidence.
Why are you showing us this video?
These are the items the victim purchased.
There is a condom among the items.
The victim...
saw the defendant place the condom on the counter,
but she paid for it anyway.
How is this not consent?
Didn't you go to his apartment...
with the intention of having sex?
Your Honor.
Counsel is making unreasonable assertions.
The victim may not have known it was a condom.
Do you have evidence to support that?
The burden of proof lies with the prosecution.
Without evidence to raise reasonable doubt,
the court must give the defendant...
the benefit of the doubt.
If you do not submit another piece of evidence,
I will render the decision accordingly.
Thank you, Ms. Ma.
Also, here.
It's a restaurant where you can try my dessert.
Thank you for today.
Don't tell me you're trying to use this...
as payment for winning.
Of course not.
In that case, thank you.
Ms. Ma.
Do you really think Lee Sang Hyun is innocent?
For my standards, yes.
If you investigated him as you did...
when you were with CAGU, you'd know he was guilty.
You saw the receipt, didn't you?
There's clear proof that she consented.
What proof do you have that he's guilty?
See? You have nothing to say.
You should've learned more from me.
How could you go to court with such weak evidence?
This is a warzone.
Seriously.
I heard Yi Deum crushed you.
Here you go. Drink this.
Drink it and chin up.
You're quick.
Of course, you lost. You can't beat her.
She's no joke.
I know that too.
I'm going to the video room.
Stop. Watching it again won't make...
evidence appear out of thin air.
You need to breathe once in a while.
Give it up. There's a nice lounge bar nearby.
The Maldives.
How about we go to Mojito and have a Maldive?
No thank you.
You punk. Listen to your senior prosecutor.
4 bottles of soju? About 20 soju bombs?
It says on the record that you drank...
2 glasses of wine and 3 cocktails.
That got you drunk?
I guess I wasn't feeling that great that night.
It's strange how I blacked out.
Let's go to the lounge bar.
You're becoming more like a real prosecutor.
Look how fancy. They even have flowers.
- You wanted to see me? - Yes.
I'm a prosecutor. Yeo Jin Wook.
You don't take that out in a place like this.
He'll take care of you. Don't be lame.
Let's go.
He's still new.
I remember them.
Was there anything unusual?
The woman...
came in looking fine,
but after having about three cocktails,
she couldn't stand straight.
- Were they strong drinks? - No.
They were very weak.
She had a Blue Hawaii.
It's usually what people who can't drink order.
Can you come testify in court?
I need you to testify.
Please.
That looks good.
Okay.
I forgot the wine.
A successful lawyer needs wine.
Okay.
What's he doing? The trial isn't over yet. Seriously.
What if people start talking about him?
Being a lawyer is so stressful.
Why must I get involved in people's private lives?
Okay.
Hello?
Seriously.
What's going on?
Darn it. How do I get that punk?
Let's see.
Seriously.
Ms. Ma just opened a social media account.
Look at all those hashtags.
She must be in a good mood...
after the first day of trial.
I guess so.
But I don't know why...
she said to make sure I show this to you.
She looks funny in it.
She said to show it to me?
Yes. She insisted that I show it to you.
Let me see that.
(Everyone's Lawyer)
(I Promise Results)
What cocktails did she drink that night?
They had very little alcohol content.
Blue Hawaii.
Blue Sapphire.
Blue Passion.
Are they the cocktails on the screen?
That's correct.
They are all blue.
Let me do a demonstration.
This is a date rape drug.
It incapacitates the drinker...
and causes temporary memory loss.
When mixed with alcohol,
it turns blue like this.
What are you trying to say?
The victim testified...
that she drank much less than her usual,
but suddenly experienced memory loss.
That proves the defendant...
added a drug into the blue cocktail...
the victim drank,
incapacitating her,
and sexually assaulted her.
Isn't that your speculation?
Do you have evidence?
Yes, I do.
This is the evidence.
No way.
This is evidence?
Oh my gosh. What is this?
What?
It's for getting rid of foul breath.
Okay. I see.
Please open wide.
Open wide.
What are you doing?
If you can't prove this isn't a drug,
you'll be found guilty of rape.
Open up. Quickly. Come on.
Ms. Ma.
Counsel. What are you doing?
My apologies, Your Honor.
You said it's for your breath.
Oh my gosh! Mr. Lee! What is this?
Hello?
I think it'll go well.
It's such a relief. It'll go well.
What?
Am I insane?
I'm not giving that idiot 40,000 dollars.
It turns out she's a nobody.
What else?
I'll just... You know,
give her a few bucks...
and pat her on the butt.
That will do.
Yes.
Okay.
Your Honor.
The defendant lied to me,
and manipulated me to make false assertions,
and thus, I have no duty to represent him.
Thus, I hereby...
withdraw from representing Lee Sang Hyun.
(Request to Withdraw Representation)
(Ma Yi Deum)
I warned you not to stab me in the back.
You're done for now.
Case number...
2007GO8707. Defendant Lee Sang Hyun...
is found guilty of rape...
and sentenced to three years in prison.
In addition,
the defendant must complete 80 hours..
of sex offender treatment.
Ms. Ma.
Thank you.
There was a big picture after all.
I have no idea what you mean.
But I don't know why...
she said to make sure I show this to you.
(Helpful, I Promise Results, Smart...)
(HIS PEN)
You seem to have changed a little.
In a good way.
I didn't change.
Please...
lose that gross smile.
I'm losing my mind.
Because of that psycho.
I gave it to that jerk,
but where will I get 40,000 dollars now?
I bought it less than a month ago.
Please give me a little bit more.
I'm giving you a lot.
Don't be like that. At least 2,000 bucks more.
1,000.
Give me a call again if you need me.
Goodbye,
my car.
I'm coming now.
Here.
50,000 dollars.
I got a loan, sold my car,
and did all sorts of stuff to get that money.
Give me the video from the dash cam.
(3 months earlier)
You said you'd relieve Soo Ah's grudge.
Ahn Tae Kyoo got off with probation.
Baek Sang Ho, who promised to testify, died.
Ms. Min...
resigned.
What about your mother's matter?
Did you uncover the truth...
as you hoped?
(Cho Gap Soo Wins Mayoral Race)
If anything happens to me,
I'll leave the evidence with Min Ho.
(Murder Suspect's Brother Found Dead)
Get me the video from the dash cam.
I can't even see the license plate.
With just this,
it'll cost quite a bit.
Just do the job right.
Baek Min Ho refused your visitation.
Please tell him that I'll return...
with evidence on what happened...
to his brother.
Here. 50,000 dollars.
I got a loan, sold my car,
and did all sorts of stuff to get that money.
Give me the video from the dash cam.
Darn it. You should've come a little sooner.
- What? - I sold it...
to someone who needed it more.
What was that?
(Yeongpa City Council)
(Mayor of Yeongpa, Cho Gap Soo)
Hi, Ms. Heo.
The event is all ready.
I will make Yeongpa a happy...
and good city.
Good job.
Thank you.
You did great.
You were good.
Yes, yes.
Bye.
Sir.
- Hello. - Your approval rating...
broke 70 percent within three months.
What do you think is the reason for that?
(Delete portions... suicide note...)
I'm sorry, sir.
The idea for today's event...
came from my chief assistant.
I see.
Your appeal has been scheduled.
I repeat. I didn't kill Soo Ah.
If you want to clear your name,
we must prove Ahn Tae Kyoo was guilty.
You should work at that as well.
Work?
Work.
Like what?
All I have is a useless public defender.
I'm searching as well.
I hear you're refusing Ms. Ma's visitations.
I don't feel like seeing her,
since she's at fault too, for my brother's death.
I'm sure she's looking into your brother's death.
If you change your mind, ask the guard to call her.
Hello? Police?
I'd like to report an illegal loan shark.
They're evil scumbags...
that bleed poor innocent people dry.
Come quickly and take them all away.
Yes. My name? My Yi Deum. I'm a prosec...
I'm a lawyer.
Yes. Have a nice day.
Why that little...
- Are you on your way? - It's me, Son Mi Young.
- Yes, Ms. Son. - I called because...
a law firm that I know...
is looking for a very good lawyer.
Are you interested?
A law firm?
- Where? - Jeongso Law Group.
Jeongso?
(Jeongso Law Group)
Yes. Okay.
- What did she say? - She'll check them out.
It's suite 415.
Where's 415?
- Excuse me. - Yes?
Do you know where Jeongso Law Group is?
- That way. - Thank you.
(Jeongso Law Group)
Thank you very much.
- Not at all. - Thank you so very much.
Okay.
Here, have these.
Here.
Eat these.
You didn't have to.
I said I'd do it for free.
I grew these sweet potatoes myself.
They taste really good if you bake them.
Okay. Thank you.
Ma?
How have you been? I was in the area...
and thought I'd stop by. You look busy, so...
I'm not busy.
I see. You're not.
I'll see you out.
Get home safely.
- Have a nice day. - You too.
- Goodbye. - You too.
Have a nice day.
- What are you doing? Sit. - Sure. I'll do that.
How have you been?
Me? I'm always doing well.
Aren't you here because I'm hiring a lawyer?
You're hiring a lawyer?
What a waste.
I got a call this morning from another law firm,
so I agreed to go there.
- You did? - Yes.
Yun Hee.
You have a guest, so I'll go.
Please have a seat.
Okay, then.
Bye.
I'm finally going in.
We can finally nab Cho Gap Soo.
(Cho Gap Soo Demands Ma Yi Deum Be Disciplined)
(Yeongpa City's MOU With Hanguk University)
(Mayor Cho Gap Soo Discharged From Hospital)
(Ko Jae Sook)
Yes?
What brings you here?
I need your help.
I know you didn't give up on Cho Gap Soo.
Please let me fight with you.
I want to work here.
I don't want to.
Pardon?